[Music]
[Music] in the seventh month on the 21st of the
in the seventh month on the 21st of the
in the seventh month on the 21st of the month the word of the Lord came by
month the word of the Lord came by
month the word of the Lord came by haggai the prophet speak now to
haggai the prophet speak now to
haggai the prophet speak now to Zerubbabel
Zerubbabel
Zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor of judah
the son of shealtiel governor of judah
the son of shealtiel governor of judah and to joshua the son of josedech the
and to joshua the son of josedech the
and to joshua the son of josedech the high priest and to the remnant of the
high priest and to the remnant of the
high priest and to the remnant of the people saying who is left among you who
people saying who is left among you who
people saying who is left among you who saw this temple in its former glory and
saw this temple in its former glory and
saw this temple in its former glory and how do you see it now in comparison with
how do you see it now in comparison with
how do you see it now in comparison with it is this not in your eyes as nothing
it is this not in your eyes as nothing
it is this not in your eyes as nothing yet now be strong Zara bubble and be
yet now be strong Zara bubble and be
yet now be strong Zara bubble and be strong Joshua son of jaha's attack the
strong Joshua son of jaha's attack the
strong Joshua son of jaha's attack the high priest and be strong all you people
high priest and be strong all you people
high priest and be strong all you people of the land and work for I am with you
of the land and work for I am with you
of the land and work for I am with you according to the word that I covenant it
according to the word that I covenant it
according to the word that I covenant it with you when you came out of Egypt so
with you when you came out of Egypt so
with you when you came out of Egypt so my spirit remains a money do not fear
my spirit remains a money do not fear
my spirit remains a money do not fear once more it is a little while I will
once more it is a little while I will
once more it is a little while I will shake heaven and earth the sea and dry
shake heaven and earth the sea and dry
shake heaven and earth the sea and dry land and I will shake all nations and
land and I will shake all nations and
land and I will shake all nations and they shall come to the desire of all
they shall come to the desire of all
they shall come to the desire of all nations and I will fill this temple with
nations and I will fill this temple with
nations and I will fill this temple with glory the silver is mine and the gold is
glory the silver is mine and the gold is
glory the silver is mine and the gold is mine the glory of this latter temple
mine the glory of this latter temple
mine the glory of this latter temple shall be greater than the former and in
shall be greater than the former and in
shall be greater than the former and in this place
this place
this place I will give peace on the 24th day of the
I will give peace on the 24th day of the
I will give peace on the 24th day of the ninth month in the second year of Darius
ninth month in the second year of Darius
ninth month in the second year of Darius the word of the Lord came by haggai the
the word of the Lord came by haggai the
the word of the Lord came by haggai the prophet thus says the lord of hosts now
prophet thus says the lord of hosts now
prophet thus says the lord of hosts now asked the priests concerning the law
asked the priests concerning the law
asked the priests concerning the law saying if one carries holy meat in the
saying if one carries holy meat in the
saying if one carries holy meat in the fold of his garment and with the edge he
fold of his garment and with the edge he
fold of his garment and with the edge he touches bread or stool wine or oil or
touches bread or stool wine or oil or
touches bread or stool wine or oil or any food will it become holy then the
any food will it become holy then the
any food will it become holy then the priests answered no if one who is
priests answered no if one who is
priests answered no if one who is unclean because of a dead body touches
unclean because of a dead body touches
unclean because of a dead body touches any of these will it be unclean it shall
any of these will it be unclean it shall
any of these will it be unclean it shall be unclean so is this people and so is
be unclean so is this people and so is
be unclean so is this people and so is this nation before me here says the Lord
this nation before me here says the Lord
this nation before me here says the Lord and so is every work of their hands and
and so is every work of their hands and
and so is every work of their hands and what they offer there is unclean and now
what they offer there is unclean and now
what they offer there is unclean and now carefully consider from this day forward
carefully consider from this day forward
carefully consider from this day forward from before stone was laid upon stone in
from before stone was laid upon stone in
from before stone was laid upon stone in the temple of the Lord since those days
the temple of the Lord since those days
the temple of the Lord since those days when one came to a heap of 24 there were
when one came to a heap of 24 there were
when one came to a heap of 24 there were but 10 when one came to the wine VAT to
but 10 when one came to the wine VAT to
but 10 when one came to the wine VAT to draw out fifty baths from the press
draw out fifty baths from the press
draw out fifty baths from the press there were but twenty I struck you with
there were but twenty I struck you with
there were but twenty I struck you with blight and mildew and hail in all the
blight and mildew and hail in all the
blight and mildew and hail in all the labors of your hands yet you did not
labors of your hands yet you did not
labors of your hands yet you did not turn to me says the Lord consider now
turn to me says the Lord consider now
turn to me says the Lord consider now from this day forward from the 24th day
from this day forward from the 24th day
from this day forward from the 24th day of the ninth month from the day that the
of the ninth month from the day that the
of the ninth month from the day that the foundation of the Lord's temple was laid
foundation of the Lord's temple was laid
foundation of the Lord's temple was laid consider it is the seed still in the
consider it is the seed still in the
consider it is the seed still in the barn as yet to the vine the fig tree the
barn as yet to the vine the fig tree the
barn as yet to the vine the fig tree the pomegranate and the olive tree have not
pomegranate and the olive tree have not
pomegranate and the olive tree have not yielded fruit but from this day
yielded fruit but from this day
yielded fruit but from this day I will bless you and again the word of
I will bless you and again the word of
I will bless you and again the word of the Lord came to Haggai on the 24th day
the Lord came to Haggai on the 24th day
the Lord came to Haggai on the 24th day of the month speak to Zerubbabel
of the month speak to Zerubbabel
of the month speak to Zerubbabel governor of judah saying i will shake
governor of judah saying i will shake
governor of judah saying i will shake heaven and earth i will overthrow the
heaven and earth i will overthrow the
heaven and earth i will overthrow the throne of kingdoms I will destroy the
throne of kingdoms I will destroy the
throne of kingdoms I will destroy the strength of the Gentile kingdoms I will
strength of the Gentile kingdoms I will
strength of the Gentile kingdoms I will overthrow the chariots and those who
overthrow the chariots and those who
overthrow the chariots and those who ride in them the horses and their riders
ride in them the horses and their riders
ride in them the horses and their riders shall come down every one by the sword
shall come down every one by the sword
shall come down every one by the sword of his brother in that day I will take
of his brother in that day I will take
of his brother in that day I will take use of robbing my servant the son of
use of robbing my servant the son of
use of robbing my servant the son of shealtiel and will make you like a
shealtiel and will make you like a
shealtiel and will make you like a signet ring for i have chosen